Reorder HTML test your skills for consistency (#42949)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/test_your_skills/forms_and_buttons/index.md

</form>
```

> We've not shown the finished content rendered, as it doesn't look any different to the starting state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've not provided a finished result for this task, as it looks the same as the starting state.
```
